This one is going to require you to suspend disbelief
and use your intuition.
We're talking about Billy Meier.
Perhaps, the most controversial
of all Contact-D cases on record.
Michael Horne is his liaison to the English speaking world.
A one-armed Swiss man with a colorful history.
Meier is said to have been contacted
by beings called the Plejarans from the age of five
until present time, a span of several decades.
While many would dismiss such claims,
some of the facts surrounding the case
cause pause for thought.
In an archive of over 24,000 pages of documented contacts,
information given to him about future events
has often turned out to be remarkably accurate.
His life story has been documented in a film called,
The Silent Revolution.
And one truth that surfaces again and again is that Billy
was no ordinary man.
(electronic music)
Billy Meier is certainly one of the more
enigmatic and controversial people in this entire arena
of Ufology, as they call it,
but that's not really what it is.
It's really about passing through wisdoms
that serve humanity.
From everything that I've seen, reading some of his papers
through the years and, certainly have not read all 24,000
pages of them.
(laughs)
But let's talk about this man and how this was initiated
with him because this contact started
very early in his life.
Can you just launch right in on that?
Sure, as I recall, and there's a lot to recall
in Billy's whole story.
He was about five years old, living in a nice, rural
part of Switzerland, beautiful country that it is.
And, I think he first started to receive telepathic messages
from a voice, grown man's voice that he understood
in his head and it was a little perplexing.
And one day as he went out to play
and there was a forest adjacent to his home and property.
And he went out into this forest and there in a clearing
was a pear shaped craft, sitting on some form struts
or what have you.
And standing in front of it was this elderly looking man
who appeared to be about 90 years old
and what Billy said, at the time, reminded him
of illustrations that he'd seen
of deep-sea diving suits without the helmet.
He felt no fear in the man's presence.
He, as a matter of fact, felt it was very safe
and comfortable to communicate with the man.
And that began,
(clears throat)
Excuse me, a series of contacts with this man
whose name was Sfath.
And those contacts, initiated initially telepathically
and then conducted physically as well as telepathically
there on for about 11 years.
Now, these contacts held place outside
in a meadow or field.
They took place on board Sfath's craft
and also above the earth, in different places
that Sfath, supposedly, took young Eduard Albert Meier
to show him different things, different places.
He was introduced to people who either were or would become
major players on the world stage
when he was still relatively young.
He met Mahatma Gandhi, it was the first person.
And this man, Sfath, had given him, to wear at these times
a small translator device that would clip on
either his shirt pocket or be fastened on him some way.
So when he would meet people who language he didn't speak
they could speak to each other and understand each other.
So they could speak to him in their native language,
he would understand in his own language.
He would speak, they would hear it in their language.
And, it's--
That's mind-blowing.
It is mind-blowing.
And when he tells the story in the film,
it's very matter-of-fact to him, this was his experience.
Though in the early stages of these experiences,
it was bit, even, troubling to him.
He wasn't sure if this was something he should do.
So he confided in the parish priest,
Father Emmanuel Zimmerman.
And Father Zimmerman was a man who had been,
apparently, also telepathically contacted
by this man Sfath, a Plejaran,
and prepared for this young boy to come to him seeking his,
Well, to be a confidant to him on the earthly plane.
He would need the assurance that this was not some work
of the devil, quote, unquote.
Let's remember, young Eduard Albert Meier
is being raised in a religious small village in Switzerland
and he's confiding in the parish priest,
who apart from being a religious leader for his people
is, on top of that, somebody who has
a higher understanding himself of the true nature of things,
and tries to move his parishioners, if you will,
in a more evolved direction gently without attempting
to shock them with anything pertaining to the UFO thing.
I don't think he ever shared it.
Or without trying to present to them
the glaring contradictions that he, himself was probably,
made aware of if he didn't already know.
So, my take on it is that he was probably
someone who had his own part in this mission,
in this lineage of people showing up time after time
to do different things.
And so he continued into the contact.
The contact has continued even up through today?
Yes.
But the actual transmissions
that are made available through FIGU
and also through your site, They Fly,
and some of this is shared in the documentary as well.
These transmissions of life lessons for humanity,
when did they begin?
The ones that are made available, I've seen them
from the 70's, 80's 90's and so forth.
Well, actually, and this is, I'm a little rusty
on everything about it, there's so much.
Meier, himself, is said to have published a track
on meditation when he was about 10.
Oh.
And that was then taken up by, I think,
a Buddhist organization that published it.
He wrote The Rules of Man, which we link
on my website, They Fly.
Where he has a pretty significant list of the way humans
should conduct themselves.
Spiritual and other type of information.
And I think he published that by the time he was 14.
So he also published his first letter that's on my website
in 1951, he was 14.
And those were prophesies warning of such things as
global warming and environmental disasters.
And information that he knew about.
His tutorage with Sfath encompassed a lot of territory.
He was shown things yet to come.
Things from the far distant past.
His own previous lifetimes in other,
we might call them, incarceration at times.
(laughs)
Just as we all suffer.
Reincarnation.
Or reincarceration.
So he was given quite a broad view of a lot things
and, til this day, there are many things
he can not speak about that he is privy to.
And at the same time, he was having this
very colorful life as a young man.
Can you talk a little about how his life bounced along
in the flesh, in this incarceration, as you say.
(laughs)
Well, he got into a lot of trouble, sometimes passively.
Meaning, he became the target of various kinds of
(clears throat)
pardon me,
bullying and what have you
because as his contact were developing with Sfath
and as he was getting more than an other worldly education.
Even other historical, something huge
by the time he was seven, he was said to have
the thinking capacity of a 35 year old man.
He's still with his contemporaries and his family
in this lovely little village.
And everybody's kind of marching along eating cheese,
(laughs)
and doing what they do in Switzerland.
And so, in the midst of all of this,
he's withdrawing into himself, in many ways.
So he becomes a target for bullies and what have you.
As we say in the film, he suffers some abuse
at the hands of a woman who hits him with a towel,
he takes it back and slaps her with it.
Next thing you know, he's being put into reform schools,
institutions, whatever.
At some point, he runs away and joins a foreign legion,
French foreign legion when he was still in his young teens.
Maybe 14, 15, 16, somewhere in there.
And after a short period of time, he realizes
this is not the place for him, this was, as he says,
"It's not the way."
Because this was a outfit of men
who were pretty tough characters--
Mercenaries.
Mercenaries taught to kill, be effective at it.
They had their own code and that's that thing.
And this was, he's venturing forth in his own life
coming from this, otherwise, relatively sheltered existence.
Unless you take into the fact
that he's already been shown the moon.
And here his is, now in the French foreign legion
so he decides to leave and he walks out across the desert.
Something that has not been accomplished by too many people
from what I understand.
And he survives that experience,
he comes back to Switzerland and he turns himself in
to face whatever punishment he...
We tell a lot about this in the film and how he learns
many different trades and he goes on then, after that
he starts to travel broadly and he goes through about
42 different countries, primarily on foot,
hitchhiking and what have you.
Something like 140,000 miles.
He's meeting again with all the, you know, many people
who are becoming major players in the world stage.
This time his contacts have moved to being
with a woman called, Asket, who comes from
the Dal Universe, so the separate adjoining universe to ours
And she is the person who had also taken him
time travel trips.
Taught him many things.
Given him a lot information about these times.
And even back then, starting in the 50's,
she was telling him about what would be coming
during these times towards the end of the last millennium
and this one.
With fundamentalists, religions
(coughs)
excuse me,
bringing tremendous amount of damage to the world
that this will be the culmination of the irrationality
of human beings that can be traced back
in it's causative sense, in many cases,
the distant ancestors of the some of the extra terrestrials
who are trying to assist us to correct this
before we wipe ourselves off the planet.
Yes, and we're going to get into that.
Do not forget that part, okay?
I'll remember.
But, so let's continue there, to bring him
kind of, up to where he is, more or less, now.
Sure, well, just to get to the next phase.
He was known as the phantom for a while in the Middle East,
West Pakistan, India and, I think, Turkey.
They're police departments had enlisted his services
to help bring in serial killers, mass murderers.
When you look at the photos of him in the film
and you see this guy in a Swiss leather jacket
with the little cross there and wearing a Arab headress
and packing--
I love that.
sufficient weapons to you know--
(laughs)
take on an army.
I love that photo.
Those are incredible photos.
And then you've got this photo with him in the middle
of a bunch of Jordanian partisans in the desert.
It's kind of almost like he's like this zealot
of the UFO world.
Yes.
You turn around and there's Billy in the midst
of some kind of situation
and they certainly were situations,
not for the faint of heart.
He says there are many things that he's not proud of
that happened in his life and there are things
we did not cover in the film.
The loss of three great loves in his life.
Each one snatched tragically from him.
Through either, murder or natural catastrophe.
He has had every kind of situation that I would not
want to partake of myself.
And seems to have been able to survive it
and he claims he's learned from everything.
He would not change the circumstance of his losing his arm.
He learned from it, things that he needed to--
How did he lose his arm?
He got on a bus on warm day in Turkey,
he sat down a, the window was open
and there was a drunk driving a bus or truck
in the opposite direction.
There was a collision, he was thrown
through the window, out the bus.
His arm was so badly damaged that it had to be amputated.
I think that he was lying in a ditch for several hours
before people heard him moaning
and they took him to a hospital.
A rather primitive amputation was performed
and he was warned about this 10 years in advance.
The Plejaran told him, "You will have to get used
to living your life with one hand.
We can not prevent what comes to you.
In about 10 years, you'll lose your arm."
And he said the only time he thought about it past that
was, maybe, a month or two prior to the actual incident.
He was in India, on a beach and he saw a man with his family
who only had one arm, you know, he'd lost an arm.
And he said, it was only at that point that he thought,
again, about the fact that he would lose his arm someday.
I think that would be enough
to drive a lot of people pretty crazy.
It sounds like he had the strength of will
to be able to take what life was going to hand him.
And character.
And character, exactly.
And to suffer the onslaughts of derision.
attacks on his character,
21 assassination attempts.
Attempts to kidnap his children.
Merciless attacks, to this day, from skeptics
who know nothing about the man, or the case, effectively.
He obviously came for a purpose, like we all do,
and his is, my perception, it's a gift of love.
That's it.
Yes, yes.
Well, I think at this time, so there are
24,000 plus pages now, right?
Mostly in German.
Mostly in German, some of them have been
translated into English.
And other languages.
Yes, in other languages.
So people can go on, as they become more familiar
with this interview, if they haven't heard of Billy.
They can go on the sites and we'll have all that information
available but let's start going through
some of the information here.
Obviously, we're only going to be scratching the surface.
While we're on it, let's get back to
what you had just mentioned about
(sighs)
history having played itself out and beings trying
to assist us at this time.
Can you give us a portrait of that?
Sure, I'll try to condense it and say that a lot of it
you can read for free on the website
and other places, probably now.
Basically, what we're told in this case is that some
22 million years ago or more.
There was a development of a race
in the Sirian Star system, this is where our,
many of our distant ancestors actually came into being,
if you will, now they're indigenous humans who have
arisen on this planet as is customary for a planet
in development that can support human life.
And there were many colonizations and comings and goings
Let's focus more events that took place thousands
and sometimes even tens of thousands of years ago.
When some of these more advanced beings would come
and seeing the relatively primitive indigenous earth humans
or those humans who where the decedents of more advanced
humans who had degenerated the process of being separated
from their technology.
This is a really important point.
Huge.
Important point.
Who had descended, the devolvement of the human species.
The devolvement.
Devolution, yes.
And that devolution really was...
It's a perfectly logical thing, in a sense,
that if an advanced race comes to a planet
that is still in relatively primitive form
you have no technology going on whatsoever
and you have technology
but, let's you've come in just one or two craft, even
and you're here for a period of time and you're setting up
your groups, your societies, what have you
and you own technology fails you.
Your craft can no longer get off the planet
and this also comes into play
for the Tunguska event in Siberia
around 1906 which we might get to.
We'll get to right after this.
Right, so, these people then just through the course
of survival fall into tribalism and surviving
and eventually losing, even a touch with and memory
of their true origins.
And this is--
These are our ancestors, by the way.
In some cases.
Not all.
They're among our ancestors.
Long ago I wrote piece, there once was a came a race
of giants from a distant war-torn star looking
for new worlds to conquer, etcetera, etcetera.
And it just tells the story in kind of a little poem form.
But what happened here was that those ancestors
let's say of the Plejaran people who have been
erroneously identified as, quote, unquote Pleiadians
deliberately, in this case, for other reasons.
The Plejarans ancestors, as well as some others,
from other lineages of extra terrestrial humans
representing themselves as the god, gods, lords,
masters of humanity, as can be found
in our various holy books from the ancient Indian books
I guess the Mabrat and all that
and the Old Testament and what have you.
These were always highly developed technologically
developed human beings.
In many cases, spiritually evolved.
In many cases, they had taken a left turn morally
and ethically because to just have great technological
even spiritual knowledge doesn't assure that people
will use it, in what we would call, good or positive ways.
Right.
So some of these distant gods such as Jehovah, Kemigal,
Arros and others were lording it over various peoples
and representing themselves as the creator of the universe
and so these things get immortalized in holy books
which, you know, is the only...
I like to say to my religious friends, this entire sum
of substance of the divine authority in any religion
rests on the illogical and childish premise.
What's in this book is true because the book says it's true.
Right.
You can't put that in school.
You can't take that into a court of law
but we have religions which have been set in motion
by these distant forefathers
of numbers of extra terrestrials.
So, they have in current time, some of them,
a self-obligated mission to try to assist us
to actually survive ourselves.
And then to continue with evolution
which is a little different than Darwinian evolution.
Some similarities, but not a lot.
And in the process they've decided that each of the times
that they have tried to work with a person as a prophet
which simply means somebody who would bring forward
eternal teachings of creation, laws of creation
the way things are going.
If you want to work your life positively and make it work
here's some suggestions as the way the whole universe works
and it's beyond just, quote, unquote, the law of attraction
or any of the things that we embrace in new age thinking.
It's a little more rigorous than that.
And, indeed, if they try to bring this, each time
because we have humans involved, as the teachers if you will
the extra terrestrials and the prophets and whatever
these are human beings so according to my own personal
axiom here, wherever you've got human beings things
can and will get really screwed up.
And certainly distorted.
And very distorted so the distortion...
What is the distortion?
It's religion because the teachings have, in each case,
been falsified, distorted, edited, redacted, amended
to reflect the intention of those who are powerful
and want to control human kind.
So the most irrational, illogical and horrific things
as well as some of the truths of spirit teaching,
let's be fair, have been embodied in various religions.
But as the Plejaran and Meier have said,
"None of the religions are the truth."
And this information is usually conducted, whether
deliberately or otherwise, by taking an element of truth
and wrapping falsehood around it.
Well, there's usually self-interest involved
whether it's putting money in the coffers
or sheer power or expansion or whatnot.
Any and all of the above.
What we see here is, in this case, a decision on the part
of these extra terrestrials to not directly intercede again
apart from some of the sightings of their own craft
as well as the terrestrial craft that are seen.
They are not gonna come down here and walk among us.
They are benevolent extra terrestrials walking among us
as some people like to portray in some fields here.
They are not employed in underground bases.
I mean, if you can travel through space and maybe time,
do you really need a job working for the Pentagon?
I don't think so.
Logic forbid certain things.
They haven't signed secret agreements with our government
because if they can do all they that a space traveling,
highly technologically advanced race, they don't need
to have an attorney from Arcturus come down and say,
"Well, change this."
It's not happening that way.
But a disinformation campaign that started
as far back as 1915 will have people believe
that there are evil aliens that are abducting them,
they're having their babies and the rest of this stuff.
When a proven contact case has at it's core,
we're trying to assist you assist yourselves,
we're not coming to save you,
no one's coming to save you.
We're not going to abduct you, implant you,
turn your on your head, have babies with you,
go on dates, work under a...
We want you to survive yourselves
and some of the impediments that you're implanted with,
if you wanna use that word, more than 22 million years ago
when your forefathers were genetically manipulated
into having shortened lifespans of 100 years or far less,
built-in degenerative diseases
and highly increased aggression because your forefathers
in many cases, were genetically engineered human race
bred to be defenders of a hight evolved
but somewhat distorted extra terrestrial human race
who decided to progress only spiritually into beauty,
spirituality and opulence took out their own fighting spirit
became the easy marks of a aggressive space traveling races
and hence, while they set about correct
their own genetic errors, they quickly had to bring a race
of beings forward, who would be willing fighters
and defenders but couldn't live long enough to overthrow
their overlords and this is part of the saga that's told
in, for free, in the Meier case information.
And if you think Star Wars is a great story,
you ain't seen nothing yet.
Yes, yes, absolutely.
I think people that are interested need to read that
because we could talk for days just about this
one particular area.
Just the subject you brought up, it really begs follow-up
because there is so much on this subject.
Let's just start with Dr. John Mack's work, for one.
Out of Harvard, right?
Head of clinical psychology there.
Who was kind of coerced into dealing with this phenomenon
known as abduction.
Now, to the people who have experienced this, it's very real
To the people who experienced seems like there
are a lot of commonalities.
But with the technology that we have, we possess
as in our black budgets, military, have back engineered,
if you wanna call it that.
Back engineered and created both.
All of these things are all so very possible
from within the human species.
And now it's getting very muddled and confusing
as to what is genuinely an other worldly type of experience
and what is human perpetuated experience, right?
I mean, is that fair enough to say?
Well, I can give you what, I understand,
the Meier Plejaran position to be.
Okay.
Since they claim that actual UFO cover-up started in 1915
And that's where we're talking about,
theoretically, the Siberian event.
Let's talk about that.
Okay.
No, that was different, go ahead.
It is different.
Let me just tell this one.
They claim that the actual UFO cover-up started in 1915
when these objects were seen over the battlefields of Europe
and, at first, presumed by each side to be the creations
of the weaponry of the other, however, logically after time
nobody was attacked by any of these things
they've all figured out, this isn't from this world
and the conspiracy of silence was tacitly agreed upon
because everybody recognized that to reveal that there were
beings here over whom there was no control, on any level,
would destabilize everything and everybody's vested interest
So we'll fight it out amongst ourselves but we're not gonna
talk about this.
It took on more dimension as it was carried
through each of the American administrations,
who were informed about this.
They basically kept this cover-up in tact until we get
to the Roosevelt administration when they deliberately,
using intelligence operative, coerce H.G. Wells
and Orson Welles to do the war of the worlds radio broadcast
to create the little monsters from Mars agenda.
Both of the respective Wells', is spelled differently,
they and their families were threatened with death
if anything was ever revealed by them at all
about the agenda here.
So this negative E.T. agenda is passed on now
for nearly 100 years and in the process other parts
of the media, either knowingly or, often times, unknowingly
forward this evil alien, big jaws and teeth and creature
kind of a model archetype and people take that up,
in what I call, subnoxious minds.
And they start imagining all sorts of things going on
that aren't going on.
Now, to go to the Meier Plejaran perspective,
yes, there have probably been some, what they would call,
contact examinations conducted by some curious,
scientific types and, if you think about logically,
if the memories were blocked, we can just call it,
if not benevolent, neutral impact intention so that people
wouldn't know this had happened to them.
However, what they say without a doubt is that the majority
of, what we call, human abductions, cattle mutilations
and human mutilations, if and when they occur
without any evidence are primarily secret military
and CIA and that type of thing.
The rest of it, sleep paralysis, mass hysteria, laybial mind
schizophrenia, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera.
Now that doesn't mean it's the truth, it simply means
this is the perspective they've put forward.
But one thinks logically, based on all these studies
about alien abductions and all the claims,
you would have a line of ships, lined up from here
to gosh knows where with aliens just can't wait to come here
and intermingle with us and sample our genetics,
our corrupted, aggressive, short-lived, disease-ridden,
fear laden genetics.
If they are space travelers, they've already extended
their lifespans through the process of slow evolution
of having to have long life spans to begin the journeys
into space which for many races might have taken place
thousands, tens, hundreds of thousands or millions
of years ago.
So can expect for them to have, at least, multi-hundred year
lifespans, they don't need our genetics.
Our emotions, greed, anger, fear, envy, war,
lusts of all sorts and perversions.
I don't think anybody needs that one either.
So, if you just start to approach it logically
and look then at the disinformation value,
you can also see that many of the sightings
which have seemingly increasing, not far from military bases
often as it happens and of course, with vague evidence.
I mean lights in the sky are some objects when we see it.
Virtually, nothing else, no content of any usefulness.
So, the agenda that Meier was talking about years ago
about a created U.S.,
U. S. military created a fake E.T. attack in order
to bring people under martial law and control.
Let's remember that 1958, Meier wrote about the coming
biochipping danger, first the U.S.
and then the European Union which he refers
to as a dictatorship coming as far back as the 50's.
So when people read this, the hairs, if they go up.
I know, when you were saying that
the hairs are going up and I've heard all this
and it's still goes up.
Well, the man published it 50 years ago.
Exactly.
Along with two U.S. Iraq wars, AIDS, computers,
the internet, etcetera, etcetera.
People we're being given something for free.
For a reason.
Let's take a little--
I'm sorry, did you want that 1906 event?
Yes, 1906 too.
This is pretty far-out stuff.
Again, it's just information of the case.
I'm a reporter, I have my own opinions about some things
where I agree or disagree.
And feel free to state them, it's fine.
Yeah, I will, if you want.
Let me give you this one which I don't...
I say about a lot so stuff that I call it simply,
speculative because I can not prove it or disprove it.
No one else can.
To this point, now maybe by the time somebody's watching
this interview, you have proof one way
or the other of things.
The story is this, there is the Tunguska crater in Siberia.
Where there is this huge area where trees were all flattened
and a big hole in the ground, remnants anyhow of some form
of what people thought was a meteor strike.
No meteor there but they figured it was a big meteor strike.
Information that Meier case is this
and it's pretty mind-boggling on many levels.
There had been a group of people who had come here
some time ago who had become involved
in studying Christianity, they'd found this religion.
These were people who were otherwise living
by what they call, natural and creational law
who didn't have gods and all the rest but got involoved
in studying all this Christianity where, apparently,
the creation in the form of deity had given
his only begotten son who, of course, has to get nailed up
in some blood thirsty manner
in order to validate the premise and they took this back
to their own worlds.
So you're talking off-planet people?
People who came here and were studying humanity,
not necessarily interacting but studying humanity.
Well, they took Christianity back to their worlds
which were in the constellation, I think, of Virgo
the coma, C-O-M-A system where there are inhabited worlds.
And ultimately, the outcome of it was wars
that were devastating to three planets.
Until other forces stepped in.
And kind of an edict was enforced
that any E.T.'s that were going to come and look in here
and study, were not to involve themselves with our religions
at all and also that any E.T.'s that got stranded here
through their own devices with only certain exceptions
who could not make communication back to their worlds
to assist them would have to remain here.
And effectively they'd have to die on this planet.
A group of 4300 such people from this system,
who are described in the Meier material as somewhat
mongoloid looking with a roughish, yellowish skin,
mongoloid features, which would fit in somewhat as well,
in Siberia, yeah.
Which may be part of the reason why they're all still there.
Found themselves, you know, they came down, they put
their craft in a remote area where no one would find them.
At a certain point, I'm not sure how long they'd been here,
they decided to intermingle a bit with the populous
for fun and games.
The result of which was that they cam back to the ships
with syphilis and it spread through their own community,
if you will.
They had no natural defense for this.
Apparently, it was taking hold, faster than they could do
anything about it and they realized
that they were basically doomed.
They found that their own craft had technological problems
and they couldn't leave the planet so, here they are
in this double bind and what they did was, they fashioned
a device, an atomic device, you might say.
And, in keeping with this particular edict, at one point
they simply brought their ship up as high as they could
above the earth and as they dropped it,
they detonated the atomic explosive device.
And they committed mass suicide rather than
be discovered here and rather than go through anymore.
Let's, I wanna, okay...
Let's go back toward where we were a moment ago, where
(clears throat)
we were talking about intervention from the other side
and people who have a remembrance of, what they call,
abductions and being, samples drawn whatnot.
That had become part of the larger abductee conversation.
And earlier you said that the point is
to help us save ourselves.
To your knowledge, has there been any of that
that has occurred that's genuine?
Or some genuine testing, for example, has happened
that might be actually toward that end?
Do you mean abduction for the sake of genetic things?
For our benefit?
Well, whether you call it abduction
or whatever you wanna call it.
The exact scenario, there are many words you can put to it.
Someone, without their knowledge, having been worked on.
Their memory erased.
Well, as I said--
Is there any of that that's happened maybe toward the end
of our actually saving ourselves and every species
on the planet, not just us but our plants, our fauna?
I think that's a different question but let's link them
together a little bit.
Okay.
As I say, my understanding is that there had been
some genuine contact examinations.
Yes.
By some curious space travelers, scientifically,
what is this about, we've got one of these here.
Right.
That's us.
And then jump to thing about the animals
and the other creatures.
My own thinking is that they have sampled everything
that might need to be possibly even--
Preserved.
Reintroduced.
That's what I'm asking.
Possibly so.
Yes, I believe that might be the case.
I think it could be the case as a service to nature itself
Exactly.
Now there will be, in the course of time,
natural evolutions of species anyhow that are on the planet
when ice ages occur and different things like that.
Then coming to the idea of any contemporary sampling
of humans, I don't think at all because, first of all,
again, this is only living 70 to 100 years, if you're lucky.
Or unlucky, as the case may be.
And they are already, the Plejaran, for instance,
are claiming to have 900 to 1500 year lifespans.
Right.
They don't need this.
We are in a sense, I think, protected from being able
to truly look in on other, more advanced, civilizations.
'Cause I think we would be depressed.
If we could actually tune in to other civilizations
who are living in a place where they're not looking
over their shoulder at each other.
Where there is love, harmony, respect, living
in accordance with creational, natural law.
I'm not talking about angels, and fluttery, imaginary
as a light being, I'm talking about humans.
We would go, what have done for the last 10,000 years
to ourselves.
Why are we trying to climb over each other
for an extracting the last ounce of petroleum
and pieces of green paper.
People, it would be very destructive to us at this point.
We have to work our way towards that.
And,
(clears throat)
not to derail the conversation or sidetrack it too much.
But there's a lot of thought and a lot of writing
on the notion that, this goes far beyond just tens
of thousands of years, we actually were that
toward the beginning of our incarnation paths.
The earliest civilizations did live many of hundreds
of years when we were still in a more original, advanced
form before the devolution repeatedly kept occurring.
Well, wait, the devolution didn't repeatedly occur.
In other words, my understanding is, yes, there are more
advanced races that came, some went.
So didn't suffer that.
Right.
Some actually were wiped out over time.
Yes.
Others devolved into more primitive forms
Exactly.
through survival.
But many indigenous humans, in the mass of humanity
has been on an upward evolutionary spiral
with the inherited genetic manipulations to limit us.
But we are evolving, there is no fall.
The original sin was that which was done to the humans
through the genetic manipulations on us.
Right.
It wasn't some fall because we came here
as spiritual beings, we are spiritual beings
but the spirit comes in unknowing and is evolving up.
Okay, yes, I'm referring to other path.
The ones who came from other places
who actually got stuck here, so to speak,
and then the damage started occurring.
They had to go through the same evolutionary path
in their home worlds.
Exactly.
Then they came to this higher place.
So considering that evolution for the human being
wherever it is found ubiquitously throughout the universe.
Takes place over billions of years and millions of lifetimes
You may have quite a roller coaster, we may evolve,
become space travelers and all of a sudden, we may then
start looking into other beings, we may become stranded,
have to go through evolution.
Exactly.
And that's well put, just to show the cycle of the nature
of a being.
(laughs)
The nature of living.
Before we even can come to the level of the beings
in the Andromeda galaxy, half-physical, half-immaterial
before they evolved to the lowest levels
of spiritual evolution.
Right.
We really are in kindergarten on this spec of cosmic lint.
Yes, I would say where we are now.
That is definitely true and let's talk about some of that.
According to Billy Meier's work there's what,
something like 42 million other human civilizations?
That the Plejaran, for sure, know about but they've
also said that there are literally billions.
Billions of other humans?
Yes.
This universe being one of billions.
Many, many, universes, yes.
It's a young universe.
It's not the original universe.
Even the wisest of the wise, in this universe don't have
all the answers to all of life's truly important questions.
And that makes it much more rich
and complex and ongoing a journey when you look
at the vastness of the potential for our own species
and every other species development.
I mean the depth just goes on and on.
It starts giving a little more weight to the notion
of infinity.
(laughs)
And begs the question of what is the void.
And what is the void in that scenario?
In which that great nothingness of...
This brings me to the next question.
On this planet, there's creation
and god that seems to be
in virtually every religion intertwined
so almost inseparable.
God is creation and so forth.
Now, let's talk about that whole notion.
Let's make a distinction.
Separation of creation and god.
Church and state.
Yes, well, I was saying, in reference to the position
expressed in the Meier material.
The gods of the past as referred to in most of the,
in all of the major religions and many of the non-major
religions with the exception of the very pagan spirit
nature spirit type of things which are small levels.
We're advanced human beings who came here
from the depths of space, the depths of outer space.
They were human meaning they were fallible
as we are the recipients of, in many cases,
their fallibility but we're responsible nonetheless.
The creation is said to be, in effect, this universe
is a consciousness, it is also a structure but it is
that which birthed itself from the nothingness, in effect
or from the original absolute absolutum creation
and in a big bang form, suddenly, without warning
love became itself with a pucker and a pop
and love looked around and saw the great void,
the empty emptiness, decided to let there be light
through the switch and spewed forth great, you know,
gaseous clouds and all the rest of this stuff
and, in time, the universe itself had come into being
and said wow, which came back upside-down a
and said Mom which was the great nature.
You have the mom and pop of creation.
Well, we can make the creation story go
in many different ways.
The fact that of the matter is, nothing exists
in this universe but that which has been created, in effect,
or given creational impetus by the creation.
We all exist within the creation and the creation exists
within everything but uniquely, in the human being,
you might call it a hologram of the creation itself
exists in the form of the human spirit.
Not the soul which is primarily located
in the solar-plexus as a temporal transitory gestalt.
But the spirit is that immortal, eternal part
of each human being, personality-less
that exists deep within the brain and goes
from incarnation to incarnation calling forth
a new personality in each lifetime, this sex or that one,
this race or that one, what have you.
For the most part, most people,
some present company excluded, have no recollection
of past incarnations and there's a logic to that
that we could examine in many ways.
But briefly, in our past lifetimes, we have been not only
murderers and unpleasant people,
we've been the victims, things this people can figure out.
However, we've been something else.
We've been madly in love with people.
We've married, we've been husbands and wives and children
and to dwell, to tap into the emotion, the positive
of any lifetime could be overwhelming and take...
we only live a few decades here, relatively.
So too many new agers don't really live this life
because they're so busy doing past life regression
or past life depression as the case may be.
It's blow by them, before they're done with it.
There, of course, people that have spontaneous recollections
in different things and some of it can be validated,
what have you.
For the most part, for the masses, until...
not until, we are much farther down the road of evolution
will we have this accessible to us.
Even the Plejaran just don't have all that access,
for the most part.
What's interesting in that, is that we do
have it all unconsciously and it's all driven through
our various behaviors from, what we call, a subconscious.
I mean, information that is carried forth in the auric field
for example, you still have all the damage and all the love
and all the attraction and repulsion with you,
you just don't know why.
(laughs)
Which makes it even more interesting.
Could be.
There's another thing that they call fluidel forces.
Fluidel forces, tell us about that.
Again, my knowledge of it is limited.
I can tell you what I remember.
Fluidel forces are a kind of plasma or electromagnetic
plasma that each human life form, perhaps there are other
life forms that have some of this, but each human life form
generates it during each lifetime.
And this plasma, this kind of energy, we know
of it's affects sometimes in the form of ghosts.
Yeah, I was just gonna say,
yeah Ghostbusters deal with that.
(laughs)
Or, in the case of Colonel Sanders, Poultrygeist.
Poultrygeist.
(laughs)
So you've got this kind of phenomenon,
plus there's another thing that happens.
It can be very strong with some people.
A lot of people who are very, quote, unquote, psychics
or have a lot of pent up psychic energy
imbue also jewelry and certain objects with this,
even the walls of homes and all.
In the Meier material, there's the telling of story
of a woman who was an elderly woman at the time
living in one location, who, when she would go to sleep
would activate the psychic fluidel forces
in her former residence and a child, a girl walking
down the stairs would be seen or something like this
by people, you know.
And it's not something that's usually under people's control
but the fluidel forces contain a lot of information
and in the Meier material they the reason that burial
for the dead, rather than cremation is recommended
is because the fluidel forces bind especially to the bones.
In each new incarnation, when we come in,
purely unconsciously for 99.999% of people, we tap in a bit
and draw from these fluidel forces still bound to the bones
of our previous, the remains of our previous body,
buried in different places.
Again, when you get into the depth of information,
that's why I say it's speculative but there could be some
sense that people could make of this if they want
to reason through it, we can not prove it.
Right.
Any more than we, right now,
can prove there's a human spirit.
Hence, we can't prove that it attaches to the embryo
at the 21st day, as the Plejaran claims
so that they only allow abortion up to the 21st day.
And thereafter they don't and if we this was true,
if we knew there was a human spirit, if we could prove
that it attached the embryo, then we could resolve
our polarization with abortion here too.
We are in the midst of vast, you know, if you start digging
you pull the thread on the Meier case,
it's not just a simple one-armed farmer
who makes phenomenal UFO photos.
(laughs)
You're right.
Well, you're right.
There so many questions, this room would be filled
with nothing but question marks, really.
But, nonetheless, there are universal truths.
And we need to start going into some of what he's been given
to share with humanity, specifically, they chose him
to share this with humanity because he was a fearless
individual for intents and purposes.
And another reason, simply 'cause his spirit was said
to be quite ancient and had done it before.
Yes.
And would still have the chance to decline the invitaion
throughout the mission, not just in the beginning.
So we're going to...
We're gonna go there.
Okay, and start going into the lessons
and pick that up in part two.
I hate for people to have to wait on this one
but I wanted everyone to get a sense and feel
of who this man is, who the beings are...
Oh, one more thing.
Let's go to a couple of little, not little,
let's go to a couple bits of evidence for his advanced
awareness of these subjects.
So let's talk about the million dollar ice man
and let's talk about the moons, Jupiter.
Moons of Jupiter.
And look at how that played out
in our world and our media and body of science
compared to when he was given this information,
just to kinda get some credit, a little stamp
of credibility on this.
Sure, I think it's October 19, 1978.
The 150 contact Meier is with Semyaza, who became
his official contact person, 1975, a Plejaran woman.
And they are on board her ship in front of Jupiter
and they're talking about what he's seeing.
He also refers to when he was previously given
information about Jupiter, at an earlier time, which I cover
a little bit later, but anyhow.
He's describing, he says, "Oh, there are rings
around Jupiter, just as I was informed before. And look,
that's Europa, it's encrusted in ice. That's interesting.
And that's Io as I recall you telling me before.
It's the most volcanically active body in the solar system
with these volcanos spewing out dust particles
and sulfur ions at speed up to 2500 kilometers,
reaching heights of a 180 kilometers, what have you.
That which is not pulled into a ring of Jupiter,
sulfur particles, falls back onto the surface of the moon Io
accounting for the relatively smooth surface
with exception of the volcanos but it's not cratered,
pock-marked as one would--"
And he goes on with all this information.
Wendell Stevens, lead investigator on the case, is given
this information on a--
Has it in his possession by March 9, 1979,
several months after Meier originally transcribes
and publishes the information.
Stevens is given the information but also mistakenly given
10 other predictions he wasn't supposed to have
in his possession because of they hadn't occurred yet
and Meier is not allowed to publish certain specific
predictions before they actually occur like the deaths
of Heads of States, and blah, blah, blah.
It's a little heavy.
So, anyhow, Jupiter information, Wendell comes back
to America with it.
He shows it to two trusted people, O. Richard Norton
who, I think, was the head of the Flandrau...
Wait, the Flandrau planetarium in Tucson and
Major Pestalozzi, who was, Rudolph Pestalozzi,
another lieutenant colonel from the U.S. Air Force.
They read this information and sign off on it
and Wendell puts it in the safe or something
for good keeping.
On March 12, I think it was a Monday, 1979,
NASA JPL makes an announcement about the results
of the Voyager spacecraft taking its pictures of Jupiter.
Well, they've revealed that Jupiter does have rings
but they claim, in this press conference, that the most
important discovery of the entire mission
is that Jupiter has a moon called Io that they know,
it's the most volcanically active body in the solar system.
They think it's a new finding,
Meier had already published it.
Now, when I sent this off to Joseph Veverka
at Cornell University, JPL NASA guy,
and then talked to him on the phone after he'd read it
he said, "Well, if this man said that, three to six months
before. All I can say, is that he's right."
And then he wouldn't want to talk about the rest of it
and literally hung up.
So that got interesting.
Then in April, I think it is, of 1980 in Science Magazine,
there's an article with this little bit of information
about the discovery of a ring of Jupiters
with ionized sulfur particles.
Meier had written about a year and a half before.
Now, how does a Swiss farmer not only publish
the most important discovery of the Voyager?
(laughs)
But then, a year and a half later, Science Magazine
mentions this relatively obscure thing.
I didn't know about any of this.
Nobody watching this interview knew
about the ionized sulfur particles ring of Jupiter
and Meier had indeed published before and published it
in a document that I had read back in '80's as well.
So there's one.
What about the million dollar ice man?
In 1991, Meier has a contact with Ptah,
the father of Semyaza and the ostensibly the leader
of Plejaran race at this time and then for some time.
Ptah says, and he doesn't give it to him
as prophetic information, he tells him conversationally.
Much of, what I call, prophetic information.
Some is given as prophesy and some is simply conversational.
He says, "By the way," this is May of '91.
He says, "By the way, in August or September of this year
a discovery will be made in the Austrian Alps of a mummy
of a man who lived more than 5100 years ago.
And they will find many artifacts and different things
and two of our own distant ancestors interacted
with this man because he helped save them
from a bear attack."
When they encountered technical problems with their ship
and they got out and they could've been killed,
blah, blah, blah.
They befriended this man,
they took him on numerous excursions.
They taught him things and he became
a rather prominent man in his prehistoric culture.
Which, you'll see was...
Okay I won't jump to all the pay off here.
Anyhow, and he told them of a number of things,
some of which I will tell you after I tell you the rest.
That discovery was made accidentally by some wanderers
up in the Alps who thought it was a guy
who'd died recently in an avalanche.
And they see this, you know, garb that doesn't look
at all, contemporary so they get scientists
to come in there.
The body's preserved in ice,
it's taken to university or whatever like that
and here they've got a 5100 year old guy.
Okay, Meier was right, they're gonna discover this.
Well, someone could say, well maybe he postdated it.
Well, Meier did publish the whole body of information
again in 1996 and we show the book and the cover
and the copyright date.
Oh, certainly, he must have post dated it.
No, follow along.
In 2001, the scientist decide to bring the mummy in
to do a CT scan to determined what killed him.
The find a fractured skull,
and they find an arrow in his back.
So they conclude, in what they think is a logical manner,
that he was slain by somebody.
Yeah.
Killed him with an arrow.
So we go back to the 1991 document
and if you don't accept it, it was published in '91.
It was published again in '96, same document.
And therein, we are told that this man died
because he had an epileptic seizure,
fell back a distance to the ground
on one of his arrows.
Now, it gets better, actually.
His arrow was lodged in his back.
A friend writes me a says, by the way, that's really amazing
but one more thing is even more amazing.
Meier is right, nobody killed him.
I say, "Hey, why do you figure that?"
He said, "Well, in primitive times, 5100 years ago,
let alone, a couple hundred years ago,
when people were hand-making their weapons,
Cutting arrowheads, knife blades, axes and things,
those were, they were like gold.
It took a long time to make, and you never left it
in your prey, if you slew an animal or if you slew
and opponent, there was any way, you would go back
and pull it out.
Makes sense, yeah.
Now, when I did more searching on the internet,
on the National Geographic and other sites,
more details were given later about what the did find
with the man.
Indeed, the found a quiver with arrows in it.
The found an axe and other items of great value
that showed his status reflecting what Ptah had said
about status in his community.
And they found a broken arrow..
Ah, yeah.
So put it all together and Billy Meier,
simple, one-armed, Swiss farmer who hopes his UFO photos--
Yeah, right.
Publishes 10 years before it's discovered the exact cause,
after he'd published the discovery
of the body months before that,
the exact cause of death and the presumed accurate status
of a man who died 5100 years ago.
So as I say in the article on my website,
this man now reaches a frozen hand across time
to validate and authenticate the Billy Meier case.
And there are many more where that came from.
Tons.
Many, many, more.
We'll just leave it with people to understand
this information that is coming through has been validated
many times over.
And now, when we pick it up in the next episode
we're going to talk about some of the information valuable
to us now, right here on the planet
at this point in history.
Thank you.
If you're intrigued by the Billy Meier case
you will certainly want to watch our next inteview
with Michael Horn.
Meanwhile, more information on the subject
of extra terrestrial life can be accessed in our interviews
with Alfred Webber, Steven Bassett, Deloris Cannon.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(slow electronic music)